For the complete documentation index, see llms.txt. This page is also available as Markdown.
Copy
Certification
Multiple Choice Exams: Frequently Asked Questions

FAQ for Linux Foundation Multiple Choice Exams

How much does the exam cost?

Please review our Training & Certification Catalog for pricing information

How is the exam proctored?

The certification exam is proctored remotely via streaming audio, video, and screen sharing feeds.
The screensharing feed allows proctors to view candidates' desktops (including all monitors).
The audio, video, and screen sharing feeds will be stored for a limited period of time in the event that there is a subsequent need for review.

The main function of the proctors during the exam is to facilitate the check-in process and to monitor the session. They do not, nor are they expected to, have the technical expertise to weigh in or provide insight on the exam servers or exam content.
Proctoring for Linux Foundation Exams is explained here.

 If you’re interested in taking an online proctored exam through PSI and want a better understanding of what to expect before registering, watch the PSI Online Proctoring Experience video.

Candidates should review the Bridge FAQ Information, published by PSI, to prepare for the Secure Browser installation and be aware of how to resolve issues with the Installation/download or launch of their exam:

PSI Secure Browser FAQ (General)
PSI Secure Browser - Linux OS Troubleshooting

What are the system requirements to take the exam?

Candidates should run the PSI Online Proctoring System Check to verify that their machine meets the technical requirements for taking a proctored exam.

The online proctored exam is taken on PSI's Proctoring Platform "Bridge", using the PSI Secure Browser (a web browser created to guarantee a secure exam delivery over a virtual connection).

The PSI Secure Browser download/installation will being when you Select “Launch exam” from the PSI Dashboard.

Candidates must provide their own computer with:

Supported OS: Please review the System Requirements, published by PSI, in particular the supported Operating System Information.

All browsers are supported, however PSI highly recommends using the latest version of Google Chrome for the best exam scheduling experience, and because the secure browser is Chrome-based and will give a more accurate experience.

One active monitor (either built in or external)  (NOTE: Dual Monitors are NOT supported)

Reliable internet access

Ensure others on the same internet connection are not performing activities that use excessive bandwidth (i.e. holding conference calls, streaming content, gaming, etc.)

A wired connection is often more stable and robust than a wireless connection

Turn off bandwidth-intensive services (e.g. file sync, dropbox, BitTorrent)

Microphone

Mac users may need to allow the PSI Secure Browser within their 'System Preferences: Security & Privacy: Privacy' settings for Microphone, Camera, Automation and Input Monitoring.

Please check to make sure it is working before you start your exam session.

Webcam

Ensure the webcam is capable of being moved as you will have to pan your surroundings to check for potential violations of exam policy.

Mac users may need to allow the PSI Secure Browser within their 'System Preferences: Security & Privacy: Privacy' settings for Microphone, Camera, Automation and Input Monitoring.

If you will be testing from an employer-provide ISP please ensure that streaming will be allowed using WebRTC.

We strongly advise test takers to avoid using work-provided devices for their exams, as this practice can result in technical challenges.
Although it is sometimes possible to initiate and access the exam on such devices, work devices often come with security features and work-related applications that can disrupt the exam software, causing technical complications.

To ensure a smooth exam experience, we recommend using personal devices without stringent security features, and on which you have the privileges needed to install applications and to end system process' and services.

Candidates are not allowed to have other applications or browser windows running except the one on which the Exam is being shown.

Please review the PSI Bridge Platform: System Requirements to ensure your machine will meet the requirements of our online proctor.

What are the Testing Environment requirements to take the exam?

Below are the expectations for an acceptable testing environment:

Clutter-free work area

No objects such as paper, writing implements, electronic devices, or other objects on top of surface

No objects such as paper, trash bins, or other objects below the testing surface

Clear walls

No paper/print outs hanging on walls

Paintings and other wall décor is acceptable

Candidates will be asked to remove non-décor items prior to the exam being released

Lighting

Space must be well lit so that proctor is able to see candidate’s face, hands, and surrounding work area

No bright lights or windows behind the examinee

Other

Candidate must remain within the camera frame during the examination

Space must be private where there is no excessive noise. Public spaces such as coffee shops, stores, open office environments, etc. are not allowed.

What are the ID requirements to take the exam?

Candidates need to provide identification (ID) that meets the requirements outlined below:

All IDs must be a valid (unexpired) Government-issued original, physical document (not photocopied or electronic)

IDs must include the candidate's name, photo, and signature*

*Government-issued biometric IDs that do not contain signature will be accepted

The first and last name on the ID must exactly match the verified name entered on your exam checklist

Acceptable forms of ID:

International travel passport

Government-issued driver’s license/permit

Government-Issued local language ID (with photo and signature)

National identity card State or province-issued identity card

Alien registration card (green card or permanent resident/visa)

住民基本台帳 (Basic Resident Register with photo) or マイナンバーカード(My Number Card)


Minors, between the age of 16-18,  are permitted to take an online proctored exam with PSI, provided they complete the following requirements:

A Parent/Guardian must complete the Parental Release for Testing of Minors form, and submit it to trainingsupport.linuxfoundation.org, at least 2 weeks prior to the scheduled date of the exam

At check in, the minor candidate must present a valid student ID as a form of identification

During the PSI check-in process, the candidate's guardian must also present a valid ID and must provide verbal consent during the PSI check-in process.

Sanctioned Countries

Persons who are subject to US sanctions prohibitions may not participate in LF Education programs. This section is presently being updated with more specific details.

How long will the exam take?

Candidates are allowed 90 minutes to complete Multiple Choice Exams, with the exception of CNPA.
CNPA candidates are allowed 120 minutes to complete the exam.

What score is needed to pass the exam?

A score of 75% or above must be earned to pass the Multiple Choice Exam.

How is my exam scored?

Upon completion, exams are scored automatically and barring any exceptions or technical difficulties, a score report will be sent to the candidate via email within 24 hours from the time that the exam was completed.

What language(s) is the exam offered In?

Please see the Language section to confirm the availability of languages for Multiple Choice Exams.

How long is my certification valid for?

Certifications are valid for 2 years.

How do I renew my certification?

Candidates have the option to retake and pass the exam to renew their certification.
Certification Renewal must be completed prior to the certification expiration date.
The renewed certification will remain current for a further 2 years effective from the date the exam is passed.

Under the CARE program, passing a higher-level exam will automatically renew Associate-level certifications listed below.

KCNA: Passing the Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) or Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD) exam will automatically renew your KCNA.

KCSA: Passing the Certified Kubernetes Security Specialist (CKS) exam will automatically renew your KCSA.

How do I get additional exam-related questions answered?

 If you need additional help, please login with your LF Account to  https://trainingsupport.linuxfoundation.org and use the search bar to find an answer to your question, or select your request type from the categories provided..

Previous
Resources Allowed: All LF Certification Programs
Next
Multiple Choice Exams: Important Instructions

Last updated 2 months ago

Was this helpful?