For the complete documentation index, see llms.txt. This page is also available as Markdown.
Copy
Certification
Multiple Choice Exams: Important Instructions

Exam Details

The multiple-choice exam is delivered online and consists of 60* multiple-choice questions.
* CNPA exam consists of  85 multiple-choice questions.

Candidates have 90* minutes to complete the multiple-choice exam.
* CNPA candidates have 120 minutes to complete the exam.

The exam is proctored remotely via streaming audio, video, and screen-sharing feeds.

Results will be emailed within 24 hours from the time that the exam is completed.


System Requirements to take the exam

Candidates should run the PSI Online Proctoring System Check to verify that their machine meets the technical requirements for taking a proctored exam.

The online proctored exam is taken on PSI's proctoring platform "Bridge", using the PSI Secure Browser (a web browser created to guarantee a secure exam delivery over a virtual connection).

PSI Secure Browser Download is made available to candidates at Exam Launch Time.

Candidates should review the Bridge FAQ Information, published by PSI, to prepare for the Secure Browser installation and be aware of how to resolve issues with the Installation/download or launch of their exam:

PSI Secure Browser FAQ (General)
PSI Secure Browser - Linux OS Troubleshooting

Candidates must provide their own computer with:

Supported OS: Please review the System Requirements, published by PSI, in particular the supported Operating System Information.

All browsers are supported, however PSI highly recommends using the latest version of Google Chrome for the best exam scheduling experience, and because the secure browser is Chrome-based and will give a more accurate experience.

One active monitor (either built in or external)  (NOTE: Dual Monitors are NOT supported)

Reliable internet access

Ensure others on the same internet connection are not performing activities that use excessive bandwidth (i.e. holding conference calls, streaming content, gaming, etc.)

A wired connection is often more stable and robust than a wireless connection

Turn off bandwidth-intensive services (e.g. file sync, dropbox, BitTorrent)

Microphone

Mac users may need to allow the PSI Secure Browser within their 'System Preferences: Security & Privacy: Privacy' settings for Microphone, Camera, Automation and Input Monitoring.

Please check to make sure it is working before you start your exam session.

Webcam

Ensure the webcam is capable of being moved as you will have to pan your surroundings to check for potential violations of exam policy.

Mac users may need to allow the PSI Secure Browser within their 'System Preferences: Security & Privacy: Privacy' settings for Microphone, Camera, Automation and Input Monitoring.

If you will be testing from an employer-provide ISP or will use an employer provided machine, please ensure that streaming will be allowed using WebRTC.

To ensure a smooth exam experience, we recommend using personal devices without stringent security features, and on which you have the privileges needed to install applications and to end system process' and services.

We strongly advise test takers to avoid using work-provided devices for their exams, as this practice can result in technical challenges.
Although it is sometimes possible to initiate and access the exam on such devices, work devices often come with security features and work-related applications that can disrupt the exam software, causing technical complications.

Candidates are not allowed to have other applications or browser windows running except the one on which the Exam is being shown.

Please review the PSI Bridge Platform: System Requirements to ensure your machine will meet the requirements of our online proctor.

Important Information to Consider:

Please disable firewalls or use a computer without a corporate firewall. Firewalls may interfere with installing the secure browser needed to take the test.

You should use a computer on which you have the privileges needed to install applications AND  end system process' and services.

You cannot take an exam using a virtual machine even though the compatibility check may not display any issues

If possible, stop any antivirus software from running, and antivirus scanning during the exam time.

If you are using a laptop, make sure that it's plugged into a power socket, so that the battery does not run out during the exam.

Acceptable Testing Location

Below are the expectations for an acceptable testing location::

Clutter-free work area

No objects such as paper, writing implements, electronic devices, or other objects on top of surface

No objects such as paper, trash bins, or other objects below the testing surface

Clear walls

No paper/print outs hanging on walls

Paintings and other wall décor is acceptable

Candidates will be asked to remove non-décor items prior to the exam being released

Lighting

Space must be well lit so that proctor is able to see candidate’s face, hands, and surrounding work area

No bright lights or windows behind the examinee

Other

Candidate must remain within the camera frame during the examination

Space must be private where there is no excessive noise. Public spaces such as coffee shops, stores, open office environments, etc. are not allowed.

ID Requirements to take the Exam

Candidates need to provide identification (ID) that meets the requirements outlined below:

All IDs must be a valid (unexpired) Government-issued original, physical document (not photocopied or electronic)

IDs must include the candidate's name, photo, and signature*

*Government-issued biometric IDs that do not contain signature will be accepted

The first and last name on the ID must exactly match the verified name entered on your exam checklist

Acceptable forms of ID:

International travel passport

Government-issued driver’s license/permit

Government-Issued local language ID (with photo and signature)

National identity card State or province-issued identity card

Alien registration card (green card or permanent resident/visa)

住民基本台帳 (Basic Resident Register with photo) or マイナンバーカード(My Number Card)


Minors, between the age of 16-18,  are permitted to take an online proctored exam with PSI, provided they complete the following requirements:

A Parent/Guardian must complete the Parental Release for Testing of Minors form, and submit it to trainingsupport.linuxfoundation.org, at least 2 weeks prior to the scheduled date of the exam

At check in, the minor candidate must present a valid student ID as a form of identification

During the PSI check-in process, the candidate's guardian must also present a valid ID and must provide verbal consent during the PSI check-in process.

Sanctioned Countries

Exams may be administered to citizens of a sanctioned country listed below PROVIDED the citizens are tested OUTSIDE the sanctioned country and their exam registration and current ID show an address OUTSIDE the sanctioned country.

Cuba

Iran

Syria

North Korea

Crimea Region of Ukraine

Taking the Exam

We recommend that candidates review the Take Exam section of our Candidate handbook, to become familiar with the PSI Secure Browser Download and Installation steps, and the candidate's Self Check-In Process.

Additional Resources

If you cannot find an answer to your question in the Candidate Handbook or FAQ, please login to trainingsupport.linuxfoundation.org to submit a customer support request.

Previous
Multiple Choice Exams: Frequently Asked Questions
Next
Important Instructions: LFCS

Last updated 4 months ago

Was this helpful?