Skip to main content
 Celebrate 35 Years of Linux ➜ Save 35% Sitewide with Code TUX35
 Training & Certification
 Upcoming Webinar: The Cap(AI)bility Edge ➜ REGISTER NOW
Certification > Linux System Administration > Certified IT Associate (LFCA)
CERTIFICATION
Linux Foundation Certified IT Associate (LFCA)

Obtaining a LFCA certification demonstrates a user’s expertise and skills in fundamental information technology functions, especially in cloud computing. It is ideal for those getting started in an IT career as an administrator/engineer.

Not sure where to start? You may consider reviewing our suggested LFCA learning path.

You have three ways to purchase!

1. Certification exam only – $250
2. Certification exam + THRIVE-ONE Annual Subscription (includes unlimited access to all e-Learning courses, SkillCreds, and premium Microlearning content) – $495
3. Certification exam + Fundamentals of Open Source IT and Cloud Computing (LFS200) course – $299

Who Is It For
The LFCA is a pre-professional certification intended for those new to the industry or considering starting an IT career as an administrator or engineer. This certification is ideal for users interested in advancing to the professional level through a demonstrated understanding of critical concepts for modern IT systems including cloud computing.
read more
About This Certification
A Certified IT Associate will confirm early proficiency and aptitude in the IT field. The exam is intended to integrate with other qualifications and provides a stepping stone to more advanced credentials.
read more
What It Demonstrates
LFCA will test candidates' knowledge of fundamental IT concepts including operating systems, software application installation and management, hardware installation, use of the command line and basic programming, basic networking functions, security best practices, and other related topics to validate their capability and preparedness for an entry-level IT position.
read more
Domains & Competencies
Expand All
Linux Fundamentals
16%
Linux Operating System
Command Line


System Administration Fundamentals
30%
System Administration
Best Practices
Networking
Troubleshooting
Disaster Recovery
Cloud Computing Fundamentals
18%
Cloud Computing
Performance/Availability
Budgeting
Best Practices
Networking
Security Fundamentals
14%
Security
Sensitive Data
Compliance

DevOps Fundamentals
12%
DevOps Basics
Git Concepts
Containers
IT Project Management Fundamentals
10%
Project Management
Software Application Architecture
Functional Analysis
Open Source Software and Licensing
Exam Details & Resources
This exam is an online, proctored, multiple-choice exam.
Linux Foundation Global Certification & Confidentiality Agreement
Candidate Handbook
Important Instructions
Frequently Asked Questions
Additional Free Resources
Prerequisites
Reviews
 Jan 2025
It was multiple choice and easy to navigate. The exam covered the material very well, and was concise in its delivery.
 Sep 2024
This one is quite quick to do, as it is multiple choice. Also, there are lots of different topics on various interesting aspects of linux, cloud and sysadmin.
 Feb 2024
The LFCA exam takes me back to my early days as an information technology professional. I have been in the industry for over 7 years and still believe this exam was difficult to pass. This exam tested your in-depth knowledge of IT operations, including Linux, networking, security, Cloud, DevOps, and more. Thank you to the LFCA and PSI teams for organizing this examination.
 Nov 2023
Questions have a wide range from theoretical to practical, from shallow to deep ones. All are expected at the exam level.
 Oct 2023
The flow and structure of the questioning was clear.
 Aug 2023
Overall, I really liked the exam. It really tested my knowledge on many aspects of the LFS200 course.
$250
Exam only
Enroll Today
Get a Quote

Bundle & Save

Best Value
Save 40% on LFCA with the THRIVE-ONE Annual Subscription Bundle
$495
Exam + Full Access Subscription
Buy Value Bundle
$299
LFS200 Course + LFCA Exam
Buy Bundle
100% Money Back Guarantee
Includes
Online
Certification Valid for 2 Years
12 Month Exam Eligibility
One Retake
Multiple Choice Exam
Duration of Exam 90 minutes
Experience Level: Beginner
Get a Quote
Get help to convince your boss.
Certifying more than 10 people?Get a corporate quote.
Popular Courses and Certifications
LFCS - LINUX
Linux Foundation Certified System Administrator (LFCS)
Intermediate
CKA - KUBERNETES
Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)
Intermediate
CKAD - KUBERNETES
Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD)
Intermediate
Stay Up to Date

Get early access to the latest Linux Foundation Training news, tutorials and exclusive offers – available only for monthly newsletter subscribers.

Get exclusive discounts, news, and more with our free newsletter
Name*
First
Last
Email*

We won’t ever send you spam, promise.

bluesky
facebook
linkedin
youtube

© 2026 Linux Foundation - Education.  The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Bylaws | Trademark Usage | Antitrust Policy | Good Standing Policy
Accelerated by